WIP: BZ1935005 - Copy approved multipath changes from downstream to upstream (#2627)
oVirt/ovirt-site: source/documentation/common/storage/proc-Customizing_Multipath_Configurations_for_SAN_Vendors.adoc

.Procedure

. Create a new configuration file in the `/etc/multipath/conf.d` directory.

> . Copy the individual setting you want to override from `/etc/multipath.conf` to the new configuration file in `/etc/multipath/conf.d/<mydevice>.conf`. Remove any comment marks, edit the setting values, and save your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Copy the individual setting you want to override from `/etc/multipath.conf` to the new configuration file in `/etc/multipath/conf.d/<my_device>.conf`. Remove any comment marks, edit the setting values, and save your changes.
```
See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#user-replaced-values

Author: Fixed.

.Verification steps

> . Test the new configuration performs as expected on a non-production cluster in a variety of failure scenarios. For example, disable all of the storage connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Test that the new configuration performs as expected on a non-production cluster in a variety of failure scenarios. For example, disable all of the storage connections.
```

Author: Fixed.

. Enable one connection at a time and verify that doing so makes the storage domain reachable.

.Additional resources

> * xref:ref-Recommended_Settings_for_Multipath_conf_{context}[Recommended Settings for Multipath.conf]

Reviewer: replace {context} with whatever {context} evaluates to.

For example, if the target of the xref is in a location in the document where the value of {context} is `snoopy`, then this xref should be:
` xref:ref-Recommended_Settings_for_Multipath_conf_snoopy`

Author: @stoobie See email for questions about this cross reference. Thanks!
